OCPRHV-315 Document UPI deployment of OCP 4 on RHV VMs [enterprise-4.6] (#26484)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-rhv-setting-up-installation-machine.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_rhv/installing-rhv-user-infra.adoc

[id="installing-rhv-setting-up-installation-machine_{context}"]
= Setting up the installation machine

> To run the binary `openshift-install` installation program and Ansible scripts, use either the {rh-virtualization} Manager or an Enterprise Linux computer with network access to the {rh-virtualization} environment and the REST API on the {rh-virtualization} Manager/oVirt Engine.

Reviewer: Enterprise Linux or Red Hat Enterprise Linux?

.Procedure

> . Update or install python3 and ansible. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update or install Python 3 and Ansible. For example:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----

> # dnf update python3 ansible

Reviewer: We usually use `yum` commands instead of `dnf` commands.

Author: DNF is preferred for RHEL 8: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html-single/considerations_in_adopting_rhel_8/index#notable-changes-to-the-yum-stack_software-management

----

> . Enable the required repositories and link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_virtualization/4.4/html/python_sdk_guide/chap-overview#Installing_the_Software_Development_Kit[install the `python3-ovirt-engine-sdk4` package] to get the Python Software Development Kit.

Reviewer: What required repositories?
